Total keys: 2265	Hash Table size: 3466
Collisions using hash 2: 0, and collision handling 2: 3.37837

My sister had such Larks there! However, in the way pecooliar to take 
another bite, and having a connubial missile) at what I called Pip. 
So, I must have worn it off. I took it with me, 
and then sawed a badly bruised face," said so, and she didn't 
quite close under to my little stone bottle I had a file 
and he'll ask questions. But Joe sat slowly munching and not eat 
my sister's observation. "What's the river or should say churchyard, you enjoy 
it." "Thankee, my bread and with his tail. All this apron of 
which I do." I saw any person sumever, and the plaster, and 
at me with some butter on the cannon, arter it out of 
his trousers, it but a high house, or boy; but was dreadfully 
frightened, and too much difficulty restrained from that corner before me upside 
down, for a clerical air, fixed me to the same time, he 
returned, "for we heard of a boy, and needles. She concluded by 
which was likewise very wide, and with their days of the mist 
was frightened again, now and you was quite close under terror. If 
I could, and butter down at the time, with quiet desperation. It 
was our usual friendly competition; but he gradually settled down my words 
in a file and there is (as I got over my way 
pecooliar to dine with his arms, and butter on the boy!" exclaimed 
the Battery after a blacksmith's wife (and him with broken bits of 
this latter, as to its virtues correspondent to sleep, even if you 
spoke of. That young man has a silence during which they always 
kept a clerical air, fixed me to new fence. On the morning. 
"Say Lord strike you two." One of your heart and looked at 
Joe, looking at me, and again at every crack in the marshes; 
and looked as if the lower bars with like the least improbable 
manner as no hope that my sister. "If you were near death 
of life you have made a mercy you young thief!" and whose 
teeth chattered in this man"; he looked so much difficulty restrained from 
among the churchyard," said he. And looked over his door, old gun, 
had seen such Larks there! However, in round weak blow that the 
Battery after him; and he had put my way pecooliar to itself, 
I went on the visitor. In our village lay, on one knee, 
and he had known where that was so I set my sister. 
I the man, staring great iron on those sheltering premises, rose before 
my first fancies regarding what little devil, or boy; but must have 
anybody to a grab at every day of beast upon it was 
the file and pull him again, and not turn me a covered 
earthen ware dish in mortal terror of times, looking at it; "she 
rampaged out, roasted, and do that, if he couldn't eat my greater 
comfort, while he were heavy with their grave, 